=head1 Pogo API Documentation

=head2 Retrieving the job data overview

=over 4

=item C<GET /jobs>

=item JSON Data

=over 4

=item C<version>

API version number.

=item C<status>

Request status, C<"OK"> if ok.

=item C<action>

Set to "listjobs" for this type of request.

=item C<hostname>

Name of the API host which took the request.

=item C<response>

An array of job data objects, each has the following fields:

=over 4

=item C<range>

Range of hosts to be processed by the job.

=item C<host_count>

Number of hosts in the job.

=item C<run_as>

User to run the job as on the target.

=item C<state>

State of job ("gathering", "running", "deadlocked", "finished", 
"unreachable", "halted", "offline", "ready", "waiting").

A job is considered "active" if it's in state "ready", "running", 
"waiting", or "gathering".

=item C<posthook>

Flag set to "1" if Pogo needs to run posthook scripts on the target after
performing the task. "0" otherwise.

=item C<timeout>

Host timeout setting. Pogo will give up on a host if a task takes longer
than C<timeout> seconds.

=item C<user>

Unix user who submitted the job on the client.

=item C<prehook>

Flag set to "1" if Pogo needs to run posthook scripts on the target after
performing the task. "0" otherwise.

=item C<requesthost>

Name of the host the client submitted the job from.

=item C<command>

Command line to run on each target. Can consist of multiple lines, i.e. 
be an entire shell skript.

=item C<invoked_as>

Command line the client used when submitting the job.

=item C<namespace>

Configuration use space. Pogo can be configured to run differently in
different namespaces.

=item C<jobid>

Unique ID of the submitted job, can be used to obtain additional job
data later on.

=item C<start_time>

Job start time in UTC seconds.

=item C<client>

Version of the Pogo client used to submit the job.

=item C<retry>

User issued a job retry command.

=item C<job_timeout>

Timeout in seconds of the overall job (compare to individual host 
timeout).

=back

=back

=back

=head2 Retrieving detailed job data for specific jobs

=over 4

=item C<GET /job/[jobid]>

=item JSON Data

=over 4

=item C<version>

Api version number.

=item C<status>

Request status, C<"OK"> if ok.

=item C<response>

A hash with several fields, namely:

=over 4

=item C<job_status>

State of job (see "state" in /jobs documentation).

=item C<host_status>

Array of host status objects, each has the following fields:

=over 4

=item C<rc>

Host status, will either contain a message like "waiting for condition" before
a host is being processed, or "exited with status 2" if the target command
has been executed.

=item C<status>

Host status ("waiting", "failed", "ok").

=item C<log>

URL to the log file on a worker machine.

=item C<host>

Name of the target host.

=back

=back
